From the AP comes this story :
President Bush on Tuesday nominated two individuals to replace retiring jurists on federal courts in the Washington area .
Bush nominated Jennifer M. Anderson for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia , replacing Steffen W. Graae .
***
Bush also nominated A. Noel Anketell Kramer for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals , replacing John Montague Steadman .
The sheikh in wheel - chair has been attacked with a F - 16 - launched bomb .
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .
Today 's incident proves that Sharon has lost his patience and his hope in peace .
Nervous people make mistakes , so I suppose there will be a wave of succesfull arab attacks .
A la guerre c'est comme a la guerre !
In the eastern city of Baqubah , guerrillas detonated a car bomb outside a police station , killing several people .
The US lost yet another helicopter to hostile fire near Habbaniyah in the Sunni heartland , but this time the crew was safe .
In Fallujah , hundreds of demonstrators came out against US troops when they briefly arrested a yound newlywed bride .
( I hope that the US army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives , because otherwise this move was a bad , bad tradeoff ) .
The US troops fired into the hostile crowd , killing 4 .
It seems clear to me that the manhunt for high Baath officials in the Sunni heartland is being done wrong , or at least in ways that are bad for US standing with local Iraqis .
Google has finally had an analyst day -- a chance to present the company 's story to the ( miniscule number of ) people who have n't heard it .
Usually , these are just a chance for the suckups to suck up , but this time people are actually concerned about the company 's plans .
They work on Wall Street , after all , so when they hear a company who's stated goals include " Do n't be evil , " they imagine a company who's eventually history will be " Do n't be profitable . "
It 's not quite as freewheeling an environment as you 'd imagine : Sergey Brin has actually created a mathematical ' proof ' that the company 's self - driven research strategy , which gives employees one day a week to do research projects on their own , is a good , respectable idea .
Read the entire article ; there 's a punchline , too .